I had a Lenovo Ideapad 100S from 2016 laying around. These came with a 32bit OS and an x64 processor.
The interesting thing about these devices is, Lenovo distributed them with a physical block on the BIOS (amongst actual CVE's) to prevent you from loading non-standard operating systems.

Initially, I went into the BIOS menu, thinking it would be a simple "F2 the box and boot from USB" job... eight hours later, this was not the case. 
After browsing all of Reddit (or what seemed like it) I came to an impass, where I'd have to either dig the boards and cards out, and sneak a Raspberry Pi into it and just use the shell 
and the battery, but not until I'd completely exhausted and possibly bricked the machine. 

The steps of playing around in the boot options did nearly nothing. You can find about 15 repeat, ordered lists of instructions online where they'll tell you something along these lines:
  Turn it off
  Use an 'F' key to boot into the BIOS menu (F2/F12 in my case)
  Turn off safe boot

  Hit the Nova button (little 1/8" recessed button aside from the 80% keyboard, usially up top near the hinge.
  Enter the recovery menu.
  Arrow key over to troubleshoot
  Select 'boot from EFI/USB' .....BUT WAIT, it's non-selectable because somewhere in a boot script there's likely (more on this later) a line of binary selection preventing this.

  you're going to see an error at this point that says, "System doesn't have any USB...." which it clearly does. 

You might be thinking, "well he's just gotta go to StackExchange on https://askubuntu.com/questions/1090098/how-do-i-get-my-lenovo-100s-to-boot-from-usb and do this:

    [Turn off the machine
     Press the recovery button next to the HDD light.
     Select BIOS Setup
     In configuration, turn off Secure boot, select Reset to Setup Mode.
     Press F10 to save and exit.
     Turn off the machine again, press the recovery button.
     Select Boot Menu
     Select Ubuntu under EFI Boot Devices.]

  which leads to: "lenovo ideapad EFI USB (Usb Mass Storage Driver) has been blocked by the current security policy."

Turn the page to an investigation on why this was a thing in the first place and you'll find this: https://www.bit-tech.net/news/tech/laptops/lenovo-os-blocking-bios-lock/1/
  It's a neat writeup on how Lenovo was going back and forth on whether they installed bootblocking software (they did) on their machines to prevent you from loading anything 
  non-standard on their hardware. What it boils down to is the need for a Chinese tech giant to throw fishy executables onto the boot process. Enter: Fishook.

    The long and short of Fishook.exe == it's a browser highjacking software that steers ad traffick. (Kinda hard to push your ads at someone on a Kali machine when you though they had W10)lolz

After logging back into the Windows 10 system I'd loaded to the machine, I decided to alter what I could in the boot scripts to see if I could turn some things on/off.
You'll wonder "Hey man, how do I open and view/edit those files with just a minibook and no major code editing software for a bunch of non-standard files (cabinet files for ex.)
You don't need to. you just need ye-ole ">notepad boot.bin" from the command line. This populates a bunch of gobbledegook and you're gonna say, "well that don't make no sense here".
But fear not, most of these files hold several versions of their classes and functions in plain text and are quite easy to read. 

What I was looking for in the binaries and libraries was the option to change something including the words "disable" or "authorize" ...and find it I did indeed.
  After looking into probably upwards of 10k lines of code, I found the selection sections where you can alter a choice of '1' or '0' to make possible booting from removeable media
  and also make use of the arrow keys in the BIOS menus and their troubleshooting sub menus. After that, Kali Linux booted just fine.





